{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1   What is React?\par
a)  React is an open-source JavaScript library that is used for building user interfaces specifically for single-page applications. It's used for handling the view layer for web and mobile apps. React also allows us to create reusable UI components.\par
2\tab What are the major features of React?\par
    Virtual Dom,JSX,Component,one way data binding\par
3\tab What is JSX?\par
    Java script XML allow us to write html elements in react\par
4\tab What is the difference between Element and Component?\par
    element is related to html whereas component is related to React\par
    element starts with small letter components start with Capital letter\par
5\tab How to create components in React?\par
    by extending Component in 'react'\par
6\tab When to use a Class Component over a Function Component?\par
    for using component life cycle methods we prefer class component\par
7\tab What are Pure Components?\par
    these are return based on argument and behaviour is same \par
8\tab What is state in React?\par
    permanant storage for a component\par
9\tab What are props in React?\par
    props are temporray storage used for data propagation from parent component to     child xomponent\par
10\tab What is the difference between state and props?\par
    states are mutable whereas props are immutable\par
\par
11\tab Why should we not update the state directly?\par
    which leads to hard the optimize\par
12\tab What is the purpose of callback function as an argument of setState()?\par
\par
    to perform an action such as Ajax request or throw an error\par
13\tab What is the difference between HTML and React event handling?\par
    event names are lower case in html where as camel case in react\par
    \par
    return false to prevent default behaviour in react preventDefault() is called\par
14\tab How to bind methods or event handlers in JSX callbacks?\par
\par
    this.function = this.function.bind(this);\par
15\tab How to pass a parameter to an event handler or callback?\par
    let us assume event handler for button \par
    <button onClick=\{()=>\{function(parametr)\}\}>name</button>\par
    \par
    \par
16\tab What are synthetic events in React?\par
    wrapping the actual events using js wrapper\par
17\tab What are inline conditional expressions?\par
    it is  the ternary operator where we can check condition in single line\par
18\tab What is "key" prop and what is the benefit of using it in arrays of elements?\par
    keys are used to identify the items in alist\par
19\tab What is the use of refs?\par
    refs provide a way to access DOM nodes or React elements created inside the         component\par
20\tab How to create refs?\par
    using React.createRef()\par
21\tab What are forward refs?\par
\tab Ref forwarding is a feature that lets some components take a ref they receive, and \tab pass it further down to a child\par
const ButtonElement = React.forwardRef((props, ref) => (\par
  <button ref=\{ref\} className="CustomButton">\par
    \{props.children\}\par
  </button>\par
));\par
\par
// Create ref to the DOM button:\par
const ref = React.createRef();\par
<ButtonElement ref=\{ref\}>\{'Forward Ref'\}</ButtonElemen\par
22\tab Which is preferred option with in callback refs and findDOMNode()?\tab\par
\tab it is prefffered to use call back refs than findDOM because findDOMNode() prevents certain improvements in react future\par
23\tab Why are String Refs legacy?\par
\tab If you worked with React before, you might be familiar with an older API where the ref attribute is a string, like ref=\{'textInput'\}, and the DOM node is accessed as this.refs.textInput. We advise against it because string refs have below issues, and are considered legacy. String refs were removed in React v16.\par
\par
They force React to keep track of currently executing component. This is problematic because it makes react module stateful, and thus causes weird errors when react module is duplicated in the bundle.\par
They are not composable \f1\emdash  if a library puts a ref on the passed child, the user can't put another ref on it. Callback refs are perfectly composable.\par
They don't work with static analysis like Flow. Flow can't guess the magic that framework does to make the string ref appear on this.refs, as well as its type (which could be different). Callback refs are friendlier to static analysis.\par
It doesn't work as most people would expect with the "render callback\f0\par
24\tab What is Virtual DOM?\par
\tab The Virtual DOM (VDOM) is an in-memory representation of Real DOM. The representation of a UI is kept in memory and synced with the "real" DOM. It's a step that happens between the render function being called and the displaying of elements on the screen. This entire process is called reconciliation.\par
25\tab How Virtual DOM works?\par
The Virtual DOM works in three simple steps.\par
\par
Whenever any underlying data changes, the entire UI is re-rendered in Virtual DOM representation.\par
\par
vdom\par
\par
Then the difference between the previous DOM representation and the new one is calculated.\par
\par
vdom2\par
\par
Once the calculations are done, the real DOM will be updated with only the things that have actually changed.\par
\par
26\tab What is the difference between Shadow DOM and Virtual DOM?\par
\tab The Shadow DOM is a browser technology designed primarily for scoping variables and CSS in web components. The Virtual DOM is a concept implemented by libraries in JavaScript on top of browser APIs.\par
27\tab What is React Fiber?\par
\tab Fiber is the new reconciliation engine or reimplementation of core algorithm in React v16. The goal of React Fiber is to increase its suitability for areas like animation, layout, gestures, ability to pause, abort, or reuse work and assign priority to different types of updates; and new concurrency primitives\par
28\tab What is the main goal of React Fiber?\par
The goal of React Fiber is to increase its suitability for areas like animation, layout, and gestures. Its headline feature is incremental rendering: the ability to split rendering work into chunks and spread it out over multiple frames.\par
29\tab What are controlled components?\par
A component that controls the input elements within the forms on subsequent user input is called Controlled Component, i.e, every state mutation will have an associated handler function\par
30\tab What are uncontrolled components?\par
The Uncontrolled Components are the ones that store their own state internally, and you query the DOM using a ref to find its current value when you need it. This is a bit more like traditional HTML.\par
\par
31\tab What is the difference between createElement and cloneElement?\par
32\tab What is Lifting State Up in React?\par
33\tab What are the different phases of component lifecycle?\par
34\tab What are the lifecycle methods of React?\par
35\tab What are Higher-Order components?\par
36\tab How to create props proxy for HOC component?\par
37\tab What is context?\par
38\tab What is children prop?\par
39\tab How to write comments in React?\par
40\tab What is the purpose of using super constructor with props argument?\par
41\tab What is reconciliation?\par
42\tab How to set state with a dynamic key name?\par
43\tab What would be the common mistake of function being called every time the component renders?\par
44\tab Is lazy function supports named exports?\par
45\tab Why React uses className over class attribute?\par
46\tab What are fragments?\par
47\tab Why fragments are better than container divs?\par
48\tab What are portals in React?\par
49\tab What are stateless components?\par
50\tab What are stateful components?\par
51\tab How to apply validation on props in React?\par
52\tab What are the advantages of React?\par
53\tab What are the limitations of React?\par
54\tab What are error boundaries in React v16\par
55\tab How error boundaries handled in React v15?\par
56\tab What are the recommended ways for static type checking?\par
57\tab What is the use of react-dom package?\par
58\tab What is the purpose of render method of react-dom?\par
59\tab What is ReactDOMServer?\par
60\tab How to use InnerHtml in React?\par
61\tab How to use styles in React?\par
62\tab How events are different in React?\par
63\tab What will happen if you use setState in constructor?\par
64\tab What is the impact of indexes as keys?\par
65\tab Is it good to use setState() in componentWillMount() method?\par
66\tab What will happen if you use props in initial state?\par
67\tab How do you conditionally render components?\par
68\tab Why we need to be careful when spreading props on DOM elements??\par
69\tab How you use decorators in React?\par
70\tab How do you memoize a component?\par
71\tab How you implement Server-Side Rendering or SSR?\par
72\tab How to enable production mode in React?\par
73\tab What is CRA and its benefits?\par
74\tab What is the lifecycle methods order in mounting?\par
75\tab What are the lifecycle methods going to be deprecated in React v16?\par
76\tab What is the purpose of getDerivedStateFromProps() lifecycle method?\par
77\tab What is the purpose of getSnapshotBeforeUpdate() lifecycle method?\par
78\tab Do Hooks replace render props and higher order components?\par
79\tab What is the recommended way for naming components?\par
80\tab What is the recommended ordering of methods in component class?\par
81\tab What is a switching component?\par
82\tab Why we need to pass a function to setState()?\par
83\tab What is strict mode in React?\par
84\tab What are React Mixins?\par
85\tab Why is isMounted() an anti-pattern and what is the proper solution?\par
86\tab What are the Pointer Events supported in React?\par
87\tab Why should component names start with capital letter?\par
88\tab Are custom DOM attributes supported in React v16?\par
89\tab What is the difference between constructor and getInitialState?\par
90\tab Can you force a component to re-render without calling setState?\par
91\tab What is the difference between super() and super(props) in React using ES6 classes?\par
92\tab How to loop inside JSX?\par
93\tab How do you access props in attribute quotes?\par
94\tab What is React PropType array with shape?\par
95\tab How to conditionally apply class attributes?\par
96\tab What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?\par
97\tab Why ReactDOM is separated from React?\par
98\tab How to use React label element?\par
99\tab How to combine multiple inline style objects?\par
100\tab How to re-render the view when the browser is resized?\par
101\tab What is the difference between setState and replaceState methods?\par
102\tab How to listen to state changes?\par
103\tab What is the recommended approach of removing an array element in react state?\par
104\tab Is it possible to use React without rendering HTML?\par
105\tab How to pretty print JSON with React?\par
106\tab Why you can't update props in React?\par
107\tab How to focus an input element on page load?\par
108\tab What are the possible ways of updating objects in state?\par
110\tab How can we find the version of React at runtime in the browser?\par
111\tab What are the approaches to include polyfills in your create-react-app?\par
112\tab How to use https instead of http in create-react-app?\par
113\tab How to avoid using relative path imports in create-react-app?\par
114\tab How to add Google Analytics for react-router?\par
115\tab How to update a component every second?\par
116\tab How do you apply vendor prefixes to inline styles in React?\par
117\tab How to import and export components using react and ES6?\par
118\tab What are the exceptions on React component naming?\par
119\tab Why is a component constructor called only once?\par
120\tab How to define constants in React?\par
121\tab How to programmatically trigger click event in React?\par
122\tab Is it possible to use async/await in plain React?\par
123\tab What are the common folder structures for React?\par
124\tab What are the popular packages for animation?\par
125\tab What is the benefit of styles modules?\par
126\tab What are the popular React-specific linters?\par
127\tab How to make AJAX call and In which component lifecycle methods should I make an AJAX call?\par
128\tab What are render props?\par
React Router\par
129\tab What is React Router?\par
130\tab How React Router is different from history library?\par
131\tab What are the <Router> components of React Router v4?\par
132\tab What is the purpose of push and replace methods of history?\par
133\tab How do you programmatically navigate using React router v4?\par
134\tab How to get query parameters in React Router v4\par
135\tab Why you get "Router may have only one child element" warning?\par
136\tab How to pass params to history.push method in React Router v4?\par
137\tab How to implement default or NotFound page?\par
138\tab How to get history on React Router v4?\par
139\tab How to perform automatic redirect after login?\par
React Internationalization\par
140\tab What is React-Intl?\par
141\tab What are the main features of React Intl?\par
142\tab What are the two ways of formatting in React Intl?\par
143\tab How to use FormattedMessage as placeholder using React Intl?\par
144\tab How to access current locale with React Intl\par
145\tab How to format date using React Intl?\par
React Testing\par
146\tab What is Shallow Renderer in React testing?\par
147\tab What is TestRenderer package in React?\par
148\tab What is the purpose of ReactTestUtils package?\par
149\tab What is Jest?\par
150\tab What are the advantages of Jest over Jasmine?\par
151\tab Give a simple example of Jest test case\par
React Redux\par
152\tab What is Flux?\par
153\tab What is Redux?\par
154\tab What are the core principles of Redux?\par
155\tab What are the downsides of Redux compared to Flux?\par
156\tab What is the difference between mapStateToProps() and mapDispatchToProps()?\par
157\tab Can I dispatch an action in reducer?\par
158\tab How to access Redux store outside a component?\par
159\tab What are the drawbacks of MVW pattern\par
160\tab Are there any similarities between Redux and RxJS?\par
161\tab How to dispatch an action on load?\par
162\tab How to use connect from React Redux?\par
163\tab How to reset state in Redux?\par
164\tab Whats the purpose of at symbol in the redux connect decorator?\par
165\tab What is the difference between React context and React Redux?\par
166\tab Why are Redux state functions called reducers?\par
167\tab How to make AJAX request in Redux?\par
168\tab Should I keep all component's state in Redux store?\par
169\tab What is the proper way to access Redux store?\par
170\tab What is the difference between component and container in React Redux?\par
171\tab What is the purpose of the constants in Redux?\par
172\tab What are the different ways to write mapDispatchToProps()?\par
173\tab What is the use of the ownProps parameter in mapStateToProps() and mapDispatchToProps()?\par
174\tab How to structure Redux top level directories?\par
175\tab What is redux-saga?\par
176\tab What is the mental model of redux-saga?\par
177\tab What are the differences between call and put in redux-saga\par
178\tab What is Redux Thunk?\par
179\tab What are the differences between redux-saga and redux-thunk\par
180\tab What is Redux DevTools?\par
181\tab What are the features of Redux DevTools?\par
182\tab What are Redux selectors and Why to use them?\par
183\tab What is Redux Form?\par
184\tab What are the main features of Redux Form?\par
185\tab How to add multiple middlewares to Redux?\par
186\tab How to set initial state in Redux?\par
187\tab How Relay is different from Redux?\par
188\tab What is an action in Redux?\par
React Native\par
188\tab What is the difference between React Native and React?\par
189\tab How to test React Native apps?\par
190\tab How to do logging in React Native?\par
191\tab How to debug your React Native?\par
React supported libraries and Integration\par
192\tab What is reselect and how it works?\par
193\tab What is Flow?\par
194\tab What is the difference between Flow and PropTypes?\par
195\tab How to use font-awesome icons in React?\par
196\tab What is React Dev Tools?\par
197\tab Why is DevTools not loading in Chrome for local files?\par
198\tab How to use Polymer in React?\par
199\tab What are the advantages of React over Vue.js?\par
200\tab What is the difference between React and Angular?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 